Update help docs for SPSE (#72)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/sharepoint-server-ps/sharepoint-server/New-SPCentralAdministration.md

### ------------------EXAMPLE 2----------------------- 
```powershell
New-SPCentralAdministration -WindowsAuthProvider Kerberos -Port 443 -SecureSocketsLayer -HostHeader centraladmin.example.com
```

This example creates the Central Administration site using SSL on port 443 with the host header centraladmin.example.com and Kerberos authentication.

## PARAMETERS

### -AllowLegacyEncryption

> Specifies that older SSL and TLS protocol versions and cipher suites are allowed to be used with this IIS web site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies that older SSL and TLS protocol versions and cipher suites are allowed to be used with this IIS website.
```

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AssignmentCollection
Manages objects for the purpose of proper disposal.
Use of objects, such as SPWeb or SPSite, can use large amounts of memory and use of these objects in Windows PowerShell scripts requires proper memory management.
Using the SPAssignment object, you can assign objects to a variable and dispose of the objects after they are needed to free up memory.
When SPWeb, SPSite, or SPSiteAdministration objects are used, the objects are automatically disposed of if an assignment collection or the Global parameter is not used.

When the Global parameter is used, all objects are contained in the global store.
If objects are not immediately used, or disposed of by using the Stop-SPAssignment command, an out-of-memory scenario can occur.

```yaml
Type: SPAssignmentCollection
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Applicable: SharePoint Server Subscription Edition

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Certificate

> Specifies the certificate that will be used for the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) binding of this IIS web site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the certificate that will be used for the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) binding of this IIS website.
```

This parameter is only valid when used with the SecureSocketsLayer parameter.

```yaml
Type: SPServerCertificatePipeBind
Parameter Sets: SetIisWebSiteBinding
Aliases:
Applicable: SharePoint Server Subscription Edition

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -HostHeader

> The host header of the Central Administration IIS web site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the host header of the Central Administration IIS website.
```

If this parameter is omitted there will be no host header binding and the URL of the Central Administration site will be based on the name of this server.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: SetIisWebSiteBinding
Aliases: Host
Applicable: SharePoint Server Subscription Edition

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Port
Specifies the port number for Central Administration.
If no port is specified, a nonconflicting port number is auto-generated.

The type must be a valid port number.

If you specify a port number that has already been assigned, IIS does not start the new site until you change either the port number of the new site or the port number of the old site.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: SetIisWebSiteBinding
Aliases:
Applicable: SharePoint Server Subscription Edition

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SecureSocketsLayer

> Enables Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption for the Central Administration IIS web site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption for the Central Administration IIS website.
```

> If you choose to use SSL, you must import a server certificate to SharePoint and assign it to the Central Administration IIS web site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to use SSL, you must import a server certificate to SharePoint and assign it to the Central Administration IIS website.
```

The Central Administration web application won't be accessible until you do this.

The default value is False.

If this parameter is omitted or set to False the Central Administration site will use HTTP for the specified port.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: SetIisWebSiteBinding
Aliases:
Applicable: SharePoint Server Subscription Edition

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Url
Specifies the load-balanced URL for Central Administration.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: SetIisWebSiteBinding
Aliases:
Applicable: SharePoint Server Subscription Edition

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -UseServerNameIndication

> Specifies that the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) binding of this IIS web site should use Server Name Indication (SNI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies that the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) binding of this IIS website should use Server Name Indication (SNI).
```

> Server Name Indication allows multiple IIS web sites with unique host headers and unique server certificates to share the same SSL port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Server Name Indication allows multiple IIS websites with unique host headers and unique server certificates to share the same SSL port.
```

> If Server Name Indication isn't used, all IIS web sites sharing the same SSL port must share the same server certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Server Name Indication isn't used, all IIS websites sharing the same SSL port must share the same server certificate.
```

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WindowsAuthProvider

> Specifies the authentication provider for this Web application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the authentication provider for this web application.
```

If no authentication provider is specified, the default value NTLM is used.

The type must be one of two values: Kerberos or NTLM.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: SharePoint Server Subscription Edition

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

> This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).
```
